Added support Cat TKL PCB (#22776)
qmk/qmk_firmware: keyboards/horrortroll/cat_tkl/readme.md

> # Cat x(
> 
> ![Cat](https://i.imgur.com/sPZxgXuh.png)
> 
> A TKL keyboard, which controlled by an RP2040 chipset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Cat TKL

![CatTkl](https://i.imgur.com/sPZxgXuh.png)

TKL (F13 top row) sized keyboard controlled by an RP2040 controller, with layout options:
- ANSI or ISO form factor
- Split or 2u Backspace
- Split (1.75u-1u) or 2.75u Right Shift
- Standard or Tsangan bottom row
```
